UNSIGNED PETITIONS

english arleardy -  

Due to some technical error your feedback may be incomplete. Would you like to give feedback again?

languege agent not available 

Sir right now Malayalam agent is not available, we will call you again through agent





CBODT/E/2025/0004819, 9820585357, DIKSHITA HIREN SAVLA timing 11;16



PMOPG/D/2025/0032746,Smt SHAKUN CHAURSIYA,7275673697 the citizen who said resolved but koi sunvai nahi ho rahi 



kya ap jante hai sikaayat ka samadhan na hone ka kya karan hai ?





	
	Satisfied Solution Remarks
	

Satisfied  citizen                      Suggestion-



Satisfied  citizen,         The citizen stated that everything is fine.


	

Satisfied,             The citizen does not wish to provide any suggestions.


	


Satisfied  citizen,                      Suggestion-The resolution process needs to be faster

 
	The department should have a strong relationship with the citizens.
	There should be a customer care number or email ID to track grievances
	The turnaround time for resolving grievances must be displayed on the portal during the grievance registration process
	The department should provide evidence of the actions taken to address each grievance.
	Citizens must receive regular updates on the department's actions regarding their complaints.
	

The concerned departments should work honestly so that we do not have to complain






	Not resolve and not satisfied Remarks
	PMOPG/D/2025/0007597
	

Complaint closed without resolution 


	The complaint has been partially resolved.
	Wrong solution given, as the actual issue is not resolved.
	
	Not received confirmation regarding the actions taken on complaint.
	The resolution provided regarding the complaint is unclear.
	No action despite pursuing and repeated reminder.
	There is no evidence available regarding the resolution of the complaint.
	The document attached with the solution is not opening or is unclear.
	

Each time the citizen raises a grievance, he receives the same unsatisfactory response.


	Sending complaints to the wrong department for opinion.
	Despite the details provided in the complaint, no action was taken against the person involved.
	Government official requested a bribe from a citizen, and the citizen has evidence of this misconduct.
	Government official demanded a bribe from a citizen.
	Government officials are favouring commission agents, while common citizens face harassment.
	Government official favours citizens with power over genuinely qualified individuals.
	The citizen has submitted valid documents to the department, but they keep rejecting them and requesting additional valid documents.
	The behaviour of the government official was unprofessional.
	
	The citizen's complaint remains unresolved, and he has already raised an appeal on the portal.
	Not satisfied, Complaint closed without resolution, I filed complaint several times but I did not get resolution
	
	Wrong report has attached by officials, as the actual issue is not resolved.
	grievance resolution is under prosess 
	



situations

When we ask why not resolved ? they says  they forwarded greivance or they have maded tead than d waht we punch ?

grievnce reso;ved ? unhone dusre vibhag ko bhej diya hai what mam will oucnh (do we have to ask satisfied, question ?)

Do we have to ask about satifation if citizen says jaavab do de diya gaya hai but unke dwara actionj nahi liya gay ?









grievcance resolution is under prosess wehen i ask about satisfy questiom  citizen said it is underporsess so how i can tell so whta will be the next line ?





Not satisfied, becouse siikaayat band kar di gai hai bina samadhan ke


zapppeal kab tak revert hota hai  i will rais




saadhan nahi hua hai file sdm office pohoch gai hai . resolved 




Citizens are not able to know whether their complaint has been resolved or not



sir said onece if citizen said under prosess then resoved punc and now the situation is sikayat ka samadhan nahihua hai vo abhi under prosessing me hai   last voice






some citizen ki sikaayat bohot dino bad response milta hai us vakt unki sikayayat ke response ka koi matlab  nahi reh jata to us vakt hamari script keshi rahegi ? ex britania ka food product liya tha uska javab 2 2 3 3 mahine baad aya      ans   call back not requer




samadhan 



eshi sikayat ke liye app sambhandit vibhag ko purn vidhivat dwara hastakshar or proof ke saath sikayat darj kar sakte hai 
citizen replay - mene enko 2 salo se sikayat pure proof ke sath behja hai but lagta hai ab dusre vibhag me hi sikayat darj karni padegi me apse santust hu dhanyavaad.



galat jvab diya hai but bola nahi hai ki sikayat ka samadhan nahi hua hai 

tarrek pe tareekh diye ja rahe hai court beth hi nahi rha hai 



not satified ka reason portal par update karunga 





kya apkli sikayat ka samadhan ho gya hai ?

pehle update ka aa rha tha ab reject ho gya 



keval asvasan diya gya hai sikayat ka samadhan ti hua hi nahi hai 







samadhan ho gya hai meri taraf se modi ji ko pure no de dijiye dhanayavad    ans    satisfied punch by sandhya mam



	

HN'

Complaint closed without resolution, Citizen said there is no hearing taking place

MCA portal

Citizen said in the provided response concern department did  not mentioned date when grievance resolve 





There was no response from the concerned department

No action is being taken to resolve the complaint, complaint is not resolved









The concerned departments should work honestly so that we do not have to complain









There is no evidence available regarding the resolution of the complaint. Citizen want more explanation about grievance resolution 











Not satisfied, The actual question that was asked was not answered in the response.

Not satisfied,                       Citizen said i did not get favorable response 





No action was taken on the grievance, No one came for resolution of grievance 











In the reply given, they said that your complaint will be resolved soon, but I am getting the same reply for many times, the problem has not been resolved

Satisfied remarks = Satisfied Citizen says that my  grievance resolution is  process but i am satisfied with provided response 





Despite providing all original documents the complaint was not resolved



The citizen said that I have submitted the relevant documents to the concerned department, but I did not get any solution





citizen said that it is written in the reply given that





Under prosess remark = Citizen says my grievance resolution  is under process I will be satisfied if my complaint will resolve



No work has been done on ground lavel 

Complainant is saying i have given all document which they were asking but still they asking about same document 



evasive response

Excellency 







No favorable response received, grievance  not resolved 







The complaint was not resolved even after giving all the details of the company 



The citizen says that in the reply given I have been directed to file a case in the court, but this is not the solution, I do not have that much time, I want a solution without going to the court.


	

SDM and Lakhpaal are corrupt complainant wants investigation from higher authority  complaint not resolved 



Citizen says that my grievance is related to court therefore my grievance will not resolve





Ground level officers are not working properly no investigation 




	Complainant is saying The complaint is being sent to the person against whom the complaint was made and he gives a wrong answer.
	
	
The complaint is being forwarded to the person against whom the complaint was made for resolution.

	

They forwarded to other department and from there end to not gett 

Some time they sais it is under prosess so as of now dod rais appeal is it will not resolve then i will rais appeal you dont do rais appeal as of now

Not received confirmation regarding the actions taken on complaint Citizen is saying in the provided response they written resolved but my grievance is not resolved 

\Complainant is saying this complaint i did not file  someone else is filing my grievance multiple times by using my mobile no 

Complainant is saying not resolved Sent  complaints to the wrong department for opinion my grievance should be forward to Punjab urban development  authority  

Dont ask about appeal after asking 2 times 



Complainant is saying my grievance is not resolved but i am satisfied with the provided response (maximum times in suggetion faoult

                    foult

by kakesha mam if citizen directly saying 

registration number : GOVMH/I/2024/0000299
Grievance Concerns To
Name Of Complainant
Rahul Moralwar 
Date of Receipt
20/02/2024  date of feedback = 12-02-2025
Citizend said you called me 5 to 6 times leave if i am not





Ess feedback ke liye keval ek mint ka saymaye lagega kya me continue kar sakta hu ?

jo apki sikayat ka javab hai ushe rec

ham uss department se nahi hai ham keval feedback department se hai esliye me apko nahi bata sakta 

this is only feedback call sir may know has your grievance resolved or not ?

citizen said or citizen 

may put your call on hold for trasfering your call to tamil agent 





+not nessery probing WHEN THEY SAYS GRIEVANCE IS RESOLVED BUT IT





inp HN

you may file a case at the designated Consumer Commission online. Please visit https://e-jagriti.gov.in

district website https://dmsouthwest.delhi.gov.in/divisions/sdm-office-south-west-najafgarh-division/

All India Anti - Corruption Organisation

pertains to food product wherein complete details are required to be filled. https://foscos.fssai.gov.in/consumergrievance/.

company for relief/ compensation, you may file a case at the designated Consumer Commission online. Please visit https://e-jagriti.gov.in

Narega, pmyojna, visvkarma yojna, PMAY-U

मुआवजे के लिए कंपनी द्वारा निवारण न किए जाने की स्थिति में, आप नामित उपभोक्ता आयोग में ऑनलाइन मामला दर्ज कर सकते हैं। कृपया https://e-jagriti.gov.in पर जाएं
shikaayat ko kampanee ke samaksh 













designated Consumer Commission online 



HN question 

after giving feedback does some action they takes or not same in appeal ? just say we are from feedback department.

is my grievacne closed ? same mentioned above

do we have to write as the first person or second pertion like my grievanjce or citizen is sayiong ? i am not satisfied or citizen is not satisfeid, becouse as a citizen prospective


Not satisfied dierectly said beacouse wrong response given by department and as sir said if he directly says not satisfied we have to punch resolved not satisfied but if the provided response is wrong so how we can punch resolved ? ANS if citizen directly jump on not satisfied than mark resolved either the resolson is anything



New situation

Grievance is resolved but provided response is wrong/incorrect .

Telugue, malayalam , kanada, bangoli

maximum times used disposition.=

1 Wrong response(usme likha hota hai resolved but resolved nahi hota, documents de rakhe hote hia but still they saks same documents) given, as the actual issue is not resolved.

2 No response from concern department (after sending the grievance to department they not gives response)

@  

can be reduce N/A error by implimenting if we tick resolved or not resolved then we will not have the option of N/A



kya resolved no reson they sayid 

by kekasya mam if they are saying directly i am not saticefied so resolved punching will be there

By kekasya mam if in provided response they says your grievance will resolve but cicitizen is saying my grievance isno t resolved till now so disposition goes to resolved 























by hn eshe question jisme vi bolte ahi ki apki sikayat ka samadhan ess karan se nahi ho payega ex lack of documetns so what we have to punch should we ask satisfied question ?

if not satisifed thn resovlce \

sent other department 

pending then resolved 
